---
title: "A Fun Game For Every Boy and Girl to Play!"
date: 2021-11-14T12:31:11Z
draft: false
categories: ["stream of consciousness"]
tags: ["meth chronicles"]
summary: "Simple game to play when you're high as hell."
location: "Everywhere and Anywhere."
---

# A fun and all-inclusive single-player game!

## Perfect for any drug addict staying in alone on a Friday night, either through choice or because that's how the cards fell.

### Preparation & Prerequisites:

1) Make sure that the stash of your D.O.C. is of limited quantity but of very high quality.
2) It's best if the actions and routes to procure more of the D.O.C. are laborious and would require near "Quest for the Holy Grail" level of ingenuity and prayer work on your part.
3) Pick a favorite "me-time" activity and start going about the ritual of consumption and expansion. _Bonus points_ if your activity involves rearranging or cleaning various parts of your space. __Double bonus points__ if you go about your activity chaotically and with no clear plan of attack.

### LET THE GAMES BEGIN

1) At some point during your chosen activity, the trifecta should occur that unlocks the challenge round of this game:
  a) engaged in multiple, concurrent, tasks 
  b) approaching the "high as fuck" level of consciousness
  c) carrying around your D.O.C. in one of y9ur hands.
2) Now, accidentally set down your stash and continue on with your chosen activity.
3) After an unspecified amount of time, you'll want to do more drugs and start going about your ritual of consumption only to come to the horrible realization that you have mislaid your stash and have no recollection of when or where you did this.
4) Panic mode begins!
